v2 Getting Started (AWS) (#606)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/quickstart-library/index.mdx

---
title: Overview
description: LocalStack Quickstart Library.
template: doc
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

import { SectionCards } from '../../../../components/SectionCards.tsx';

> Our Quick Start Library is a growing collection of tutorials that help you get started with LocalStack. Each tutorial walks you through a specific use case or feature of LocalStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Quickstart Library is a growing collection of quickstart guides that help you get started with LocalStack immediately. Each quickstart walks you through a specific use case or feature of LocalStack.
```

<SectionCards
  sections={[
    {
      title: 'Application Inspection & Tracing',
      description:
        'Use the LocalStack Web Application to inspect, browse, snapshot, and trace a deployed serverless API.',

>       href: '/aws/quickstart-library/local-development/',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      href: '/aws/quickstart-library/application-inspection-tracing/',
```
